The Joe Rogan.
Experience. We're going to get, we'll get into this stuff.
I'm sure you're not just voting for the person you're voting for.
Who are they likely to have working for them, right.
Is likely to happen in courts, what is likely to happen.
Regulation-wise and so of course you want to think about who it is
that the person is,
but you also want to think about who do they bring with them. And for me,
that's a lot of how I see boating in November.
This point. Yeah.
Most people have made that concession and it's an interesting concession, right?
Because it's not a concession we had to make,
if it was a Tulsa Gabard or Bernie Sanders or Amy Klobuchar or Pete
Buddha judge, or, you know, go down the line. There's a,
a lot of very credible candidates that would have made like interest.
Like maybe this person could be the next great president.
Maybe this person could be a great leader,
but now we're in this position where like, oh God, okay. So listen,
we're voting for the cabinet. It was like,
Biden is so he's whether or not he's having
moments that are related to cognitive decline,
which you could speculate or whether or not this is just his reaction to the
most extreme amount of pressure he's ever faced in his life.
And that does happen with people. We know people lock up.
I would imagine that a guy has been in the spotlight as long as he has for so
long, probably would, would be able to handle stuff.
But I think running for president is a whole different ball game.
I think everything gets turned up by 10 and I think it gets turned up in this
society that we're experiencing today.
It gets turned up even more so because of social media, like no president,
other than Trump has,
had really had to deal with this kind of wave of social viral
feedback online with Twitter and Facebook and YouTube and all this stuff that
we're experiencing right now, they didn't Obama.
Didn't have to deal with that really in his first term,
maybe a little bit in his second term, but then Trump,
the first guy to tackle it head on.
And he's in a lot of ways he's showing you what can come
at you.
And I think that when Biden is running through these steps to
try to become president,
he's experiencing a wave of attention and scrutiny that he's never experienced
before. And that could also exacerbate, what am I a doctor here?
I'm trying to figure out what's wrong with his head,
but that could also exactly.
Um, are you, have you taken a position on the Biden cognitive stuff? That's.
Something's wrong? Something's wrong? If he was my friend and he was fighting,
I'd asked him to retire. I mean, if I'm looking at it that way, I have friends,
um, that I've seen their cognitive decline from fighting. Um,
I'm not saying the Biden's the same, cause I don't really know him from,
you know, I don't know him over a long period of time. I don't,
I don't know him at all personally, but something's wrong the way.
Any of your friends that are they close to 80? Any of them?
No. No. The guys who are experiencing cognitive decline are younger guys.
Who've been hit in the head. Um, when you, when you get to 80, uh,
I have known people that have had problems and it's, it's very unfortunate. Um,
I don't think he's there where, you know, cause he could still talk to them.
Like if, if that was just a guy that you knew and he was like,
and he said something like, we've all been endowed by a, you know,
the thing that one famous, you wouldn't say, oh Jesus,
what's going on with Ray, you would say, oh, he had a, he locked up,
he had a brain fart, it, a mental lapse,
which I've had doing podcasts all the time. It can happen.
But in that moment in front of those people to do it that way,
while he's running for president and why had a few of those before he could be
dealing with anxiety too, there's probably a lot of going on,
but I would be concerned.
Yeah. I mean, listen. So I, I don't have any, I don't.
My view is just based on actual professionals that I've talked to and people
that have been in a room with him. Cause I've, I've,
I'm not a professional and I've not been in the room with Biden.
So Andrew Yang was on with Sam Harris recently. I don't know if you saw it.
And this topic came up and Andrew Yang basically said, listen,
he he's 78 years old. If you compare a video of Biden,
debating Paul Ryan in 2012 to Biden a month ago,
obviously it's different.
And to some degree you that's normal when someone's 78 years old.
But Andrew Yang's perspective was that he didn't see anything that he would call
dementia or cognitive decline beyond that. So that's like one,
it's just one data point. It doesn't tell us anything definitively, you know,
the other thing is I've interviewed a few people and I think you and I maybe
have even messaged about some of them, uh, uh, neuroscience and your, uh,
neurologists and mental health professionals who were very concerned about
Trump, like the oranges of an investigation, the, where he has,
he seems to sort of like lock up when his shoulders sort of, you know,
this thing that he does where it's shoulders kind of a mock up in a weird way.
There's a few of those. Yeah. I got video of that. You know, he walks off.
The plane. You think it's a neurological thing?
I don't know. That's the thing. So it could be neurological mental health,
side effect of medication. There's a whole bunch of stuff. It could be, could.
Also be an injury.
Maybe. Yeah.
Maybe. I mean, if he's doing some of this back or shoulder.
Well, it's weird because he, when it happens,
he has a verbal mistake that he makes and it coincides
with this shoulder thing.
And then it's almost like there's a half second gap and then someone hits the
reset button and he'll get back on the teleprompter or whatever. It's weird.
There's like 10 or so ago.
I need to see this. I need, I need to see this while I'm talking to you. Um,
so Jamie's going to search for one. So what would he search for?
Um, I think if you,
if you want to like search.twitter.com and just searched in videos,
the way you can do, and you put like Trump brain glitch,
I'm guessing that some of these would, uh, come up. But the, the,
the gist of what I was getting to was some of these same neurologist and mental
health folks, when I asked them privately about Biden and say, do you,
are you seeing like the same type of thing? They all say no. So again,
it's like, it's not.
They're hardcore.
Democrats. I don't know if that's.
Yeah. He's had these moments where for sure something doesn't look good. Right.
I agree. Totally agree. So why.
Would they say any differently? They've gotta be Democrats.
They gotta be hardcore party loyalists.
I, I think that to assume that absent any evidence is may be unfair.
Yeah, it is. But I'm an unfair guy in some, some respects.
But here's my thought on this right now. So like what,
let let's imagine that Biden's having a real problem, right?
Let's imagine it's absolutely for real, I'm still voting for him over Trump,
right? I mean like, so I think last time we talked,
you mentioned you were pro choice. Do I remember that? Right?
Yeah. So I am, but I feel like it's a,
it's a controversial subject for a reason.
Bear. If Donald Trump gets to pick the next Supreme court justice,
it will be someone who would love to overturn Roe V. Wade. I mean,
there's not even a chance that he he's, he said it, right. This is.
We'll try.
And Trump has said that he is that he's pro-life and that he would pick
someone that would, or it was just by virtue of picking conservative.
There's a, there it's, it's actually, it's, there's two parts to it.
One is Donald Trump was pro choice. Almost his entire life.
He became pro-life when he was, I think 68, because he met a kid he liked.
And he imagined if that kid wasn't born, no, I'm serious.
I believe you. It's just hilarious. It's crazy.
It's like an ABC after school special.
Let's imagine that that's true.
That he had an awakening at age 68 after being pro-life his whole life.
He said he would pick justices that were recommended to him by
I forget which conservative group you're only going to get, you know,
pro so-called pro-life justices from these groups. On the other hand,
Joe Biden will absolutely pick a pro-choice justice. So if,
if I was pro-choice like you are,
how do I justify voting for the guy who's going to replace potentially Ruth
Bader Ginsburg with someone who would want Roe V. Wade overturned.
Like I couldn't do it in good conscience.
That's a good point. And I'm going to get into it in a second,
but Jamie just pulled up this video of Trump and I'm going to get to watch him
have this weird Twitch for the first time. Okay. It hit me with a Jamie.
Okay. So he's talking,
I'm watching it. Is that it, that little move that he made, oh, this is,
this is hilarious and silly.
Trump neurologically malfunctions with a full spasm.
Now he's talking and he just went like this. People do that. That's silly.
Maybe it's just.
Maybe find it there's a dozen of it. Yeah. I don't know. I couldn't hear that.
A better thing is something that you showed me on your show.
A better example when there was real problems with him, enunciating words.
And w you know, there was like, was he falling? So was he sick? Was there,
was he on a sedative? Was, was something, something going wrong?
It almost seemed like his tongue wasn't working correctly. Right?
Like, like he was wrestling with, with a paralyzed tongue, like.
Perspective matches mine. But I think I really, for me, it's like this stuff.
We're not probably ever going to really get an answer to this.
And I don't know that it's imperative to know the answers for
me to know who it is I'm going to vote for,
I guess is the point I'm trying to make.